The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates
The unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
The wisest men follow their own direction. - Euripides
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. - Jimi Hendrix
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. - Doug Larson
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones. - Chinese Proverb
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese Proverb
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. - Albert Schweitzer
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. - C.S. Lewis
Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most)in programming. - Donald Knuth
No problem should ever have to be solved twice. - Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
Attitude is no substitute for competence. - Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in god. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
life is supposed to be suspenseful, if its all calm, your not living. - Jasper Clark
Being smart means you've realized school is to test if your going to be useful to this world. - Jasper Clark
Within a computer natural language is unnatural. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A little learning is a dangerous thing. - Alexander Pope
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them. -E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
Like to the apples on the Dead Sea’s shore, all ashes to the taste. - Lord Byron
Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.  - W. H. Auden
Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words. - Mark Twain
Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort. -  Helen Gurley Brown
An expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn'tneed to look up answers to easy questions. - Eric Lippert.
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection. - Alan J. Perlis
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Alan J. Perlis
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing. - Alan J. Perlis
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler. - Albert Einstein
When your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite and disturb him. - Napoleon Bonaparte (allegedly)
A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure. - Hugh Kingsmill
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and hubris. - Larry Wall (Programming Perl)
All non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky. - Joel Spolsky (The Law of Leaky Abstractions)
XML wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis. - Guido van Rossum
Premature abstraction is an equally grievous sin as premature optimization. - Keith Devens
You can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization. - Bjarne Stroustrup
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing. - Alan Perlis
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as *lines produced* but as *lines spent*. - Edsger Dijkstra
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him. - Galileo Galilei
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce. - Scott McKay
Show, don't tell. - unknown
Linux is only free if your time has no value. - Jamie Zawinski
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. - Cicero
Mistakes were made. - Ronald Reagan
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. - Anonymous
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. - Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. - Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist. -  Anonymous
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. - Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. - Anonymous
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. - Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. - Anonymous
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. - Anonymous
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. - Anonymous
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. - Dr. APJ Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. - Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. - Napolean Hill